doc: update doc versions for 2.2.99-dev1 tag (#9931)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Default support for nRF7002 revision B.
  * Specific QR code and onboarding information in the documentation for each :ref:`Matter sample <matter_samples>` and the :ref:`Matter weather station <matter_weather_station_app>`.

* Updated:

  * The default heap implementation to use Zephyr's ``sys_heap`` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MALLOC_SYS_HEAP`) to better control the RAM usage of Matter applications.
  * :ref:`ug_matter_device_certification` page with a section about certification document templates.
  * :ref:`ug_matter_overview_commissioning` page with information about :ref:`ug_matter_network_topologies_commissioning_onboarding_formats`.

> * Fixed the issue of connection timing out when attaching to a Wi-Fi Access Point that requires Wi-Fi Protected Access 3 (WPA3).

Reviewer: Do we need the capitalization of Access Point? I'd say no.

See `Zigbee samples`_ for the list of changes for the Zigbee samples.

Enhanced ShockBurst (ESB)
-------------------------

* Added support for front-end modules.
  The ESB module requires linking the :ref:`MPSL library <nrfxlib:mpsl_lib>`.
* Updated:

>   * Number of PPI/DPPI channels used from 3 to 6.

Reviewer: Should we have the numbers in writing here? -> from three to six

>   * Events 6-7 from the EGU0 instance by assigning them to the ESB module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Events 6 and 7 from the EGU0 instance by assigning them to the ESB module.
```

> ESB

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enhanced ShockBurst (ESB)
```

---

> * Added support for front-end modules.
> * The ESB module requires linking the :ref:`MPSL library <nrfxlib:mpsl_lib>`.
> * The number of PPI/DPPI channels used is increased from 3 to 6.
> * Assigned events 6-7 from the EGU0 instance to the ESB module.
> * Changed the type parameter of the function :c:func:`esb_set_tx_power` to ``int8_t``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added support for front-end modules.
  The ESB module requires linking the :ref:`MPSL library <nrfxlib:mpsl_lib>`.

* Updated:

  * Number of PPI/DPPI channels used from 3 to 6.
  * Events 6-7 from the EGU0 instance by assigning them to the ESB module.
  * The type parameter of the function :c:func:`esb_set_tx_power` to ``int8_t``.
```
This line sounds like part of the support for FEM? Anyway, it has a formatting that is off for release notes.
```
* The ESB module requires linking the :ref:`MPSL library <nrfxlib:mpsl_lib>`.
```

See `Zigbee samples`_ for the list of changes for the Zigbee samples.

Enhanced ShockBurst (ESB)
-------------------------

* Added support for front-end modules.

>   The ESB module requires linking the :ref:`MPSL library <nrfxlib:mpsl_lib>`.
> * Updated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The ESB module requires linking the :ref:`MPSL library <nrfxlib:mpsl_lib>`.
  
* Updated:
```

nRF Desktop
-----------

* Added:

  * An application log informing about the configuration option value update in the :ref:`nrf_desktop_motion`.
  * Application-specific Kconfig options (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_LOG <config_desktop_app_options>` and :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_SHELL<config_desktop_app_options>`) to simplify the debug configurations for the Logging and Shell subsystems.
    See the debug configuration section of the :ref:`nrf_desktop` application for more details.

* Updated:

>   * Implemented adjustments to avoid flooding logs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Implemented the following adjustments to avoid flooding logs:
```

nRF Desktop
-----------

* Added:

>   * An application log informing about the configuration option value update in the :ref:`nrf_desktop_motion`.

Reviewer 3: I would rephrase this to prevent this massive compound noun, e.g.
"An application log informing that the value of a configuration option has been updated"

>   * Application-specific Kconfig options (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_LOG <config_desktop_app_options>` and :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_SHELL<config_desktop_app_options>`) to simplify the debug configurations for the Logging and Shell subsystems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Application-specific Kconfig options (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_LOG <config_desktop_app_options>` and :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_SHELL <config_desktop_app_options>`) to simplify the debug configurations for the Logging and Shell subsystems.
```
Do we need to have the Kconfig options in the brackets? I would leave the brackets out.

>   * Application-specific Kconfig options :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_LOG <config_desktop_app_options>` and :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_SHELL<config_desktop_app_options>` to simplify the debug configurations for the Logging and Shell subsystems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Application-specific Kconfig options :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_LOG <config_desktop_app_options>` and :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_SHELL <config_desktop_app_options>` to simplify the debug configurations for the Logging and Shell subsystems.
```

nRF Desktop
-----------

* Added:

>   * An application log informing that the value of a configuration option has been updated in the :ref:`nrf_desktop_motion`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * An application log indicating that the value of a configuration option has been updated in the :ref:`nrf_desktop_motion`.
```

* :ref:`modem_shell_application` sample:

  * Updated the timeout command-line arguments for the ``location get`` command.
    It has been changed from integers in milliseconds to floating-point values in seconds.

* :ref:`nrf_cloud_rest_cell_pos_sample` sample:

>   * Added the usage of GCI search option if running modem firmware version 1.3.4.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Added the usage of GCI search option if running modem firmware v1.3.4.
```

>   * Updated the sample so that the sample now waits for RRC idle mode before requesting neighbor cell measurements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Updated the sample, so that it now waits for RRC idle mode before requesting neighbor cell measurements.
```

> * PCM Mix:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :ref:`lib_pcm_mix` library:
```

>   * PCM mix (Pulse Code Modulation) audio mixer has been moved out of the :ref:`nrf53_audio_app` application and into :file:`lib/pcm_mix`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * New library.
    This was previously a component of the :ref:`nrf53_audio_app` application, now moved to :file:`lib/pcm_mix`.
```
